Multiple issue fixes (#560)
kuzudb/kuzu-docs: src/content/docs/cypher/expressions/text-functions.md

| ----------- | ----------- |  ----------- |  ----------- |
| `[index]` | alias of array extract | `STRING("TEXT")[1]` | `"T"` |
| `[begin:end]` | alias of array slice | `STRING("TEXT")[1:3]` | `"TEX"` |

> | `CONTAINS`| alias of contains function | 'Alice' CONTAINS 'ce' | true |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `CONTAINS`| alias of the `contains()` function | 'Alice' CONTAINS 'ice' | true |
```

Reviewer 2: Great suggestion, "ice" sounds cooler 😎.
